en: Improve self-hosted k8s deployment (#842)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

> **Note:**
>

> > When you create the TiDB cluster and set a storage class that does not exist in the Kubernetes cluster, then the TiDB cluster creation goes to the Pending state. In this situation, you must [destroy the TiDB cluster in Kubernetes](destroy-a-tidb-cluster.md) and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you create the TiDB cluster, if you set a storage class that does not exist in the Kubernetes cluster, then the TiDB cluster creation goes to the Pending state. In this situation, you must [destroy the TiDB cluster in Kubernetes](destroy-a-tidb-cluster.md) and retry the creation.
```
